c:\Users\julius.jansson\Desktop\Programering 1\SlutProjekt\SlutProjekt\bin\Debug\net7.0\SlutProjekt.exe
c:\Users\julius.jansson\Desktop\Programering 1\SlutProjekt\SlutProjekt\bin\Debug\net7.0\SlutProjekt.deps.json
c:\Users\julius.jansson\Desktop\Programering 1\SlutProjekt\SlutProjekt\bin\Debug\net7.0\SlutProjekt.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\julius.jansson\Desktop\Programering 1\SlutProjekt\SlutProjekt\bin\Debug\net7.0\SlutProjekt.dll
c:\Users\julius.jansson\Desktop\Programering 1\SlutProjekt\SlutProjekt\bin\Debug\net7.0\SlutProjekt.pdb
c:\Users\julius.jansson\Desktop\Programering 1\SlutProjekt\SlutProjekt\bin\Debug\net7.0\Raylib-cs.dll
c:\Users\julius.jansson\Desktop\Programering 1\SlutProjekt\SlutProjekt\bin\Debug\net7.0\runtimes\linux-x64\native\libraylib.so
c:\Users\julius.jansson\Desktop\Programering 1\SlutProjekt\SlutProjekt\bin\Debug\net7.0\runtimes\osx-arm64\native\libraylib.dylib
c:\Users\julius.jansson\Desktop\Programering 1\SlutProjekt\SlutProjekt\bin\Debug\net7.0\runtimes\osx-x64\native\libraylib.dylib
c:\Users\julius.jansson\Desktop\Programering 1\SlutProjekt\SlutProjekt\bin\Debug\net7.0\runtimes\win-x64\native\raylib.dll
c:\Users\julius.jansson\Desktop\Programering 1\SlutProjekt\SlutProjekt\bin\Debug\net7.0\runtimes\win-x86\native\raylib.dll
c:\Users\julius.jansson\Desktop\Programering 1\SlutProjekt\SlutProjekt\obj\Debug\net7.0\SlutProjekt.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\julius.jansson\Desktop\Programering 1\SlutProjekt\SlutProjekt\obj\Debug\net7.0\SlutProjekt.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\julius.jansson\Desktop\Programering 1\SlutProjekt\SlutProjekt\obj\Debug\net7.0\SlutProjekt.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\julius.jansson\Desktop\Programering 1\SlutProjekt\SlutProjekt\obj\Debug\net7.0\SlutProjekt.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\julius.jansson\Desktop\Programering 1\SlutProjekt\SlutProjekt\obj\Debug\net7.0\SlutProjekt.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\julius.jansson\Desktop\Programering 1\SlutProjekt\SlutProjekt\obj\Debug\net7.0\SlutProjekt.csproj.CopyComplete
c:\Users\julius.jansson\Desktop\Programering 1\SlutProjekt\SlutProjekt\obj\Debug\net7.0\SlutProjekt.dll
c:\Users\julius.jansson\Desktop\Programering 1\SlutProjekt\SlutProjekt\obj\Debug\net7.0\refint\SlutProjekt.dll
c:\Users\julius.jansson\Desktop\Programering 1\SlutProjekt\SlutProjekt\obj\Debug\net7.0\SlutProjekt.pdb
c:\Users\julius.jansson\Desktop\Programering 1\SlutProjekt\SlutProjekt\obj\Debug\net7.0\SlutProjekt.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\julius.jansson\Desktop\Programering 1\SlutProjekt\SlutProjekt\obj\Debug\net7.0\ref\SlutProjekt.dll
